It was a eunuch
Just this corpse
How do you know it's the murderer?
That's it, it's clearly dead
What does it mean to not find the murderer?
Should the commander be killed or killed?
If you don't forget
Miss Su was always stunned before
From Yongquan Point
Renzhong Point and Hegu Point are inserted in turn
This kid is clearly using magic
I can't guarantee whether there will be a body fraud or something in a while.
Or get rid of this person first
cold winter
Miss, you asked me to kill him
Han
Embarrass Song Xun everywhere
For fear of breaking me, there is a ghost in my heart
Miss I am wronged
Retreat anywhere
I never imagined that there is such an array in the world
Such a brilliant job
I'm serving
But I'm more curious
How did you guess it was mine?
Every case will have a common feature
Before the bride died
They all shout ghosts and gods
God King, don't go through the nonsense that comes out
The only thing that can cause this phenomenon is psychedelics
Yunnan Mandala
Because you guessed it
My medicine comes from an ancient prescription from a hundred years ago
Who is it?
I have been seeking the truth for thousands of years
Don't spare any sinner
sit and find